Remove normative restriction on relays forwarding decision input (#497)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

OBJECT message headers carry a short hop-by-hop `Track Alias` that maps to
the Full Track Name (see {{message-subscribe-ok}}). Relays use the
`Track Alias` of an incoming OBJECT message to identify its track and find

> the active subscribers for that track. Unless determined by congestion response,
> Relays MUST forward the OBJECT message to the matching subscribers.

Reviewer: This is a bit out of date with the current priority/etc functionality how about:

```suggestion
the active subscribers for that track. Relays MUST forward OBJECT messages to
matching subscribers in accordance to each subscription's priority, group order,
and delivery timeout.
```
